BM Movie Library

Hello. A long time I was looking for a script that quickly and easily would present library movies to all my friends in the network. At the same time I would have complete control over it. Because not anything specific I could find I decided to write my own script.

If someone likes it, it can free to use it.

Description:

The script automatically reads the videodb.xml and the *.nfo files and imports them into the database. Then displays for all visitors poster, fanart and information about the film containing title, description, year, director, genre etc.

Requirements:

Server with:
- Apache with GD2 extension
- PHP 5.3
- MySql database

Installation:

There are three methods to using script.

You must make sure that the cache directory is writable by the user running apache. In ubuntu issue
sudo chgrp www-data cache

1. Script can work directly on the xbmc database, then movie list is always current (database must be always online).

The best is to create a new user in xbmc database with access rights only to SELECT. This is not necessary because the script uses safe mode and will not damage the database.
In the config.php file set main connection to xbmc database. Remote connection leave without change. Script run in safe mode (read-only).

2. Script connects to the xbmc database and one-click update his own database to current.

The best is to create a new user in xbmc database with access rights only to SELECT. This is not necessary because the script uses safe mode and will not damage the database.
In the config.php file set main connection to script database and remote connection to XBMC database.

3. Script import movie from a videodb.xml or nfo files.
Set main connection to script database, import videodb.xml or nfo files to export/ directory and in admin panel import movies to database. 

In three cases, posters and fanarts will be downloaded from the links that xbmc scraper take. Not need to copy large amounts of jpg and tbn files.

When watching the first time each film, library will load longer because it must create a poster and fanart thumbnails. If you want to create thumbnails for all files in the admin panel, click on the "create cache".